♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Responding
to a distress signal,
they land on the island
of Punk Hazard.
There they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a terrifying
chemical weapon known as
"Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Now, they dash through
a massive laboratory
alongside their new ally,
Trafalgar Law.
Their objective is
to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives,
and escape the island.
Jet Spear!
Through the floor?
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY yells]
[MONET]
What tremendous power he has!
But that tumble is going to land
him in the trash shoot which
leads straight to the garbage
dump that's deep underground.
He won't be able to make it up
here again unless he can fly.
He dug his own grave,
so to speak. Hm-hm. So long!
[MONET laughs]
[LAW]
My attack didn't work!
[LAW] I knew exactly how to get
my heart back from Caesar,
but I didn't expect
to see you here.
I should've guessed
you were his lackey.
Don't you have better
things to do? Well, Vergo?
Mr. Vergo!
[LAW yells]
[pants]
[VERGO] I'm kinda in
the middle of something.
Does it have to be now...
...Vice Admiral Smoker?
[LUFFY]
"Fists Collide!
A Battle of the
Two Vice Admirals!"
[MONET] Mocha, there's no
way you can eat all that
candy alone, so you might as
well share it with the others.
Stop being greedy and
do as your told.
Don't make your friends suffer.
No! I can't do that!
It's bad and we shouldn't
eat it anymore!
My, you're a difficult girl.
Hey, you! What're you
doing to these children?
[USOPP]
Yeah!
You'd better tell us
and make it snappy!
You don't know who
you're messin' with, lady!
Actually, I am well aware.
You see. I do my research,
so I know you all.
You're the infamous
Straw Hat pirate crew.
The pleasure is all mine.
[grunts]
So... who're you?
[chuckles]
I am Monet.
With the power of
the Snow-Snow Fruit.
[ALL grunting]
[gasps] You two! Listen up.
We don't have much time!
Go find Sea Prism
Stone handcuffs!
I'll handle the kids. I can
do my best to restrain them.
[USOPP]
Sea Prism Stone handcuffs?
[BROOK]
For what?
Luffy asked me to find some!
[BROOK, USOPP]
Uh...
Well, guess we'd better go.
Then... you can count on me!
I will find them!
I shall come with you!
I must find Momonosuke!
[USOPP]
Fine with me, let's get goin'!
[ZORO grunts]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
What're those?
They look mighty ominous.
They are. But that's
not your business.
[LAW grunts] Over here, damn it.
I'm your opponent!
I'm not givin' up,
not yet, anyway.
Bastard.
[LAW yells]
I've got other things
to deal with first.
So shut up and lay there
until I'm ready for you.
[grunts]
Vergo.
I don't want the rank and file
to know the truth about you.
Got it?
These men. They look up
to you like a father.
If they find out that you're
a traitor, they'll be crushed.
'Specially if they learn
you're one of Joker's dogs.
Well. Too late now.
[SMOKER]
Huh?
They know it all.
I saw them moments ago.
What did you do to them?
You'll see.
Vergo!
[VERGO]
It looks like I hit a nerve.
Why're you getting so
worked up, Smoker?
Don't tell me you're actually
concerned about the welfare
of those Navy Misfits.
I am a base commander.
I can do what I want to my
good-for-nothing subordinates.
It's a shame it had
to end this way,
but now that you know my secret,
I must kill you.
[SMOKER growls]
[SMOKER shouts]
[gasps]
[VERGO grunts]
I don't care how long
you've known those men.
And honestly,
I don't even care if you are
their base commander.
'Cause once a unit leaves
the base, it's their commander
who's responsible for
keeping them alive.
I'm warning you, don't ever
lay a hand on my men!
No way! What happened?
[MARINE A shouts]
[MARINE B]
Ow! There's no place to step!
The whole place is
burnin' up! What now?
Let's hurry! Grab the
injured and run!
Okay, c'mon men,
we've gotta protect Tashigi!
The lovely lady--
[TASHIGI] What do you
think you're doing?
Don't agree with him!
He's our foe!
What? That's total crap!
Pirates are free to
love who they want!
I gotta admit, Black Leg,
you looked so cool
fightin' fake Vergo back there
that watchin' you blast him
like that made my
heart skip a beat!
Yeah, that was pretty
sexy if you ask me.
Hey! Shut your traps!
You're not really helpin'
me out here, y'know!
Stop acting like
he's your friend!
Don't forget he's a pirate!
[MARINE A]
Whoa! The tank just exploded!
[MARINE B]
And it's caught fire!
Crap! Not good! It busted
a hole in the wall!
Damn! Another explosion!
What the hell is goin' on?
C'mon! Hurry!
What's the matter?
You look a little pale.
Can ya blame me?
See that purple stuff?
It's the poisonous
gas from outside!
[MARINES]
Oh, no!
[SANJI] Better start runnin'
if you wanna live!
[MARINES shouting]
Help me!
[gasps]
The gas is traveling fast!
It won't be long before the
whole building is filled!
[MARINE Q grunts]
[MARINE Q yells]
[SANJI]
Get up, dumbass!
Go! Keep running, Tashigi!
You can't stop to
think or you'll die!
Get outta here as fast
as possible! Move!
[TASHIGI]
Black Leg!
[SANJI]
Let's go, men!
Pick up the pace or
you're not gonna make it!
[gasps]
Hurry! Follow me, men!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
I didn't have to lift
a finger, and look,
those fools brought Land
of the Dead inside for me!
But...
...it's too soon. My live
demonstration is not done yet!
You! Listen up!
Close the gates to C and D!
[SUBORDINATE A]
Yes, sir! What about R?
Keep that one open!
Can't have them getting lost,
so we'll lure them to the
building's first floor.
They're looking for Gate R-66
and the layout of
this lab is confusing.
We wouldn't want them
going the wrong way.
So we'll just have to
guide them there.
[laughs]
Phew!
Well, that wasn't any fun.
[LUFFY]
Hm. Where am I?
[LUFFY] Hm. It doesn't work.
Is this a dump?
[LUFFY] I guess I fell
all the way down
to the deep underground.
[grunts]
[stomach growls]
Ugh! Ah! I'm so hungry!
Makes sense.
I mean, I did do a lot
of runnin' around today.
[LUFFY] There's gotta be
somethin' to eat in here!
Aw, dammit!
There's nothin' but trash!
[crashing]
[DRAGON yelps]
[DRAGON] Watch what you
are doing, insolent fellow!
[LUFFY]
Uh? Huh?
[DRAGON whimpers]
[LUFFY]
H-Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hmph.
Curses. I loathe this
stupid "secret room"!
Too bad, right? But once
we're done, I'll be free.
And I'll never have
to come here again.
The Straw Hats have
overstayed their welcome.
I'd say it's time for them
to be properly punished.
I've got Joker on my side.
And now I have the opportunity
to kill all of them
in the ideal manner!
Master! We're awaiting orders!
We're ready for combat!
Yes. But may I ask why
you've summoned us here
to Vegapunk's former
command room?
Wasn't he responsible for
the accident four years ago?
We've got a score to
settle with him, too!
Let's get 'em!
Why're we wastin' time
standing around here
staring at each other?
I mean, shouldn't we
be fighting?
No. Not yet.
You gentlemen are
my backup plan.
You're the best soldiers I have!
So, I cannot risk losing you.
[gasps]
Master!
Now, allow me to explain
the plan to all of you.
As I said before, once the gates
to C and D have been closed,
the only open routes
through the laboratory
will lead to the first
floor of Building R,
which is directly beneath us.
The Straw Hats, G-5,
the children...
It doesn't matter whether
they're friend or foe.
All of the survivors in the lab
will be forced into that room.
The first floor has
external vents
which can bring in outside air.
In other words,
we'll be able to fill the room
with Land of the Dead!
There will be no way
for them to escape!
They'll be stuck
breathing that air!
It'll be like a
giant gas chamber.
And soon, they will all die!
The best part is
we'll be broadcasting it,
so my shadow brokers in the New
World can witness the slaughter!
Then they'll respect me!
They'll know my greatness!
[laughs]
Uh. I hate to ask this,
but Master Caesar.
Huh?
I don't mean to doubt
you or anything, sir,
but did you create the
deadly poison gas?
Why, yes. I did.
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[SUBORDINATES murmur]
Forgive me, Master.
It seems a lot like
Vegapunk's gas.
The one from the accident four
years ago, and thing is, Master,
it freaks us out.
It's awful.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Uh! Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN whimpers]
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
Uh, Master?
[CAESAR CLOWN whimpers]
Dammit!
Just allow me to
explain everything!
Please, men!
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
That day... It still haunts me!
Oh, how I tried to
stop the mad scientist!
"No! What if this dangerous
weapon exploded", I cried!
"Just think of all the innocent
people who would be killed!"
"Please, Vegapunk!
Don't do this!"
[CAESAR CLOWN]
But there was no stopping him.
And now, he's the head of
the Navy Science Division,
and he's widely considered the
world's greatest scientist!
It's not fair!
It should've been me!
I cannot accept it!
How could someone so heartless
come to be praised
as the best of all?
Tell me, after what he's done,
does he still deserve
to be called the greatest?
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
Master.
That's why... I must
prove him wrong!
I don't want to create a
weapon of mass murder,
but I'm afraid it must be
done in order to prove
I am the greatest
scientist in the world!
Please! Trust me!
[SUBORDINATES sob]
Once the Navy realizes
that I deserve
to be their lead scientist,
then I'll be fulfilled.
And I shall use my knowledge
to bring peace and unity!
[SUBORDINATES sob]
Master!
[SUBORDINATE C]
Forgive me, Master!
You're right!
How could I doubt you?
I'm sorry!
Me, too! You are the
god of salvation!
[SUBORDINATES sob]
Master...!
Master!
We love you! Master!
Why, thank you! I love you, too!
All of you!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[MARINE J]
Don't do it, Caesar! Stop it!
I'm warning you! Shut it down!
[MARINE J] You're putting
everyone on the island
in danger!
You realize if that
weapon explodes,
innocent lives will be lost!
Shut up! Ignorant fool!
This is a military testing site!
This is my job! Back off!
As you may know,
the Navy wants to kill as many
pirates as they possibly can.
I'm simply creating a new
weapon for them designed
to do just that!
It's dangerous! I'm sure your
weapon will kill pirates,
but you know what
else it'll do?
Kill a bunch of civilians!
[laughs]
Idiot! See, that's something
called collateral damage.
If they don't evacuate,
they deserve what's coming!
Wipe them all out and we'll
finally have world peace!
[MARINES gasp]
How could you say that, Caesar?
You're so--
What, you think I'm cruel?
Perhaps, but so are you.
Think about it. You're using the
prisoners as your guinea pigs.
Let's be honest, is there really
a difference between them?
I think not.
Fleet Admiral Sengoku
may be soft,
but Admiral Akainu,
on the other hand...
I bet he would love
one of my weapons.
Now scram! I don't need
you interrupting my work.
[laughs] Vegapunk's just
jealous, and I can't blame him.
I am a genius.
Besides, his silly human
enlargement experiment
is nothing but a failure.
You'd need to be a real
magician to make the human body
grow that much in
such a short time.
I tried to tell him what to do.
What he needs is children.
Those who are growing.
And fill them with drugs.
I believe that's the only way.
[MARINES grunt]
No...
All right! Here we go!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts, gasps]
What do you think you're doing?
Don't try to fight us!
How dare you manhandle
me like this?
I've work to do!
I'm almost finished making
a weapon so powerful
it's beyond comprehension!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
Vegapunk!
I demand to know the
meaning of this!
[VEGAPUNK]
You've been terminated
from the Science
Division, Caesar.
You've gone too far this time.
I can't cover for you anymore.
[growls]
You've gotta be kidding me!
[MARINE P]
No! Don't do it, Caesar!
[MARINES gasp]
[laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What fools!
Vegapunk, the Navy,
Straw Hat, my minions--
every one of them
are as dumb as bricks.
No one even comes close to
matching my intelligence.
All right! Let's get started!
[SUBORDINATE A] Closing the
gate between C and B!
The gate between D and B
is now closed!
That's it. The passageways
between Buildings B, C, and D
have been secured, Master!
C'mon, run like hell, you guys!
[SMOKER, VERGO grunting]
[gasps]
Hold on, you can talk?
Who the hell are you?
[DRAGON whimpers]
I, uh....
Who am I? I am the one who
should be asking that of you!
[NARRATOR] Deep inside the
basement of the inescapable
Tower C, the hapless
Luffy comes face-to-face
with a small dragon.
The beast claims to be a
samurai who has overcome
a most unusual fage.
This auspicious
encounter propels Luffy
towards his next challenge.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Small Dragon!
Momonosuke Appears!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!